Ha
Ah ah ah ah
re
The first 9 s Takasaki large miso this year Speaking Takasaki has decided to kept you waiting everyone of fan
I will finish it
We receive annual man poll race 29th Takasaki Grand Prize 2600m
Force this year Eyeful path Thanks amount of memory Granny m king air force
I absorb Meiji Law also winners
Smg Lord to us Runrun bell marking of
And during the Keio Boyro , they will be contested by the representative horse of the party .
First of all it is well to the gate
The Keio Boy in the Rollout started
The 29th Takasaki Grand Prize 2600 m
Mars stand before each horse prior auction of the first lap or they protect fans watched pi position
We will put long md week maga after war
Following this, King No. 4 m King is currently the curve of No. 2 at the first corner
Root third hand find jockey riding instead of east Runrun have followed mark the preceding three animals
Horses are wide open and No. 2 Sunkus is the 4th art with 6 kinds of wins and markings to come out
Memory continues and air for is sixth
2nd corner curve and head in front of the 1st lap, then go to the Chinese-Japanese group 3 horses
Around 43
Representative Sugino s Inn course in a small waiting 404 k Ryoma has followed the
And the Keio Boy in the rear also corresponds there Tachi' the carry race was slightly delayed
Back 2nd place Bar Winners Kishu Bocca The best policy is good and slowly and Kimura jockey and
11-year-old old man
Enter the 3rd corner curve of one lap with 12 heads such as Meijo Meijo
Come on now suck away mach with a mask same jockey riding away md gather 10-year-old pleasure is mg
Collecting or skip to want to extend the Yasufuku 4 Umami Umami 5 in the
The first lap goes to the 4th corner curve The 2nd and Lai Chu live 4th away and live slightly away
Yam King
Coming from the central open
In the early summer , protect the 2nd pace my pace away from the Hyde m King of the Northern Kanto 5 Line
I will go to the front of the stand for the first lap, and I will go out to the rear 3rd group approaching it.
Slightly 3rd with fangs
And it went up out of the second place, and there was an add-in enzyme, and if it comes out the 11th, the hometown is 4
Line up
East Hall
Aeon and the rest are 3200 meters at each place of Nun and act Keio boy continues to the rear
The most powerful Aifulpa at the back of Air Hawson who went out of the 4-year-old Suminoe who went around in a better position
Aim for the third consecutive title Passed nearly 1000m after the power love wind power fourth behind .
Rear group e 9 minutes pitch up and catch up
The sound started to make inroads in this area too famous for this area
And 3rd Ryoma passed art 800 in the Winners surprise attack to the 2nd highest peak behind
reason Before I run away md The Lord keeps it with his lead 4 horses
Somewhat mg main up the pitch is Uyonmansa m King 2nd hand third place No. 2's
Grass bully
600 remaining trees
And it will pass through the labeling gradually To snack of 4-year-old Dosu date of stained fornication and catching up
Marking now out of the 11th marking
Cover common use of the rear 400m I understand at once the battle from second place in close proximity to the 2 Umami from combat sky
here we go
If after 400 dignity water riding is followed , my hometown jumps out to the top and curves the fourth corner
The 29th Takasaki Large Business Talk 300m Straight Line Control
Second place full at once spread or No. 4's m King
3 n Goldfish from the back with no widers machine Winners Kishu or even ace in the same corner
Kuisaga' was large outer Meijo also 23 BanRyo horses and two pieces strife and Finance
For example, this is a strong strong shake off the mark in the マ 近 ヴ ェ ル ム ー ド 三 三 島
Baisetsu dose also Meiji of leakage or second fastest Kusetsu postwar second fastest large Setsu's
Ryoma or 11-year-old white-eye eel too